and I'm telling you God is an honour of
faith that's why a thousand dollars
doesn't mean you had it but it means you
got faith to say it got faith to say it
Jesus told Peter opened the fish's mouth
there's money in your mouth sister
brother if I can just get just speaking
the word of faith faith is get substance
of things hoped for its the evidence of
things not seen through faith we
understand the worlds were framed by the
Word of God I mean if I can just get
your mouth open and talking God's Word
God's promises God's a blessing me press
down shaken together running over I'm
walking in divine favor return to the
Almighty you'll be built up yea thou
shalt lay up plenty of silver and gold
is that Brooks plenty of silver thou
shalt have God the light and they all
mine and shall lift up thy face to God
make that prayer into him he'll hear
thee you will pay your vows and thou
shalt take also the clear thing and it
shall be established under thee and the
light of God's favor will shine upon
your past and then listen to me sister
brother when men are cast down they will
say there is lifting the Ten
Commandments you know yeah yeah let me
tell you listen here's my problem why
are they attend you don't need ten I
think the list of Commandments was
deliberately and artificially inflated
to get it up to ten it's a padded list
here's what they did about five thousand
years ago a bunch of religious and
political hustlers got together to try
to figure out how to control people how
to keep them in line they knew people
were basically stupid and would believe
anything they were told so they
announced that God had given them some
Commandments up on the mountain when no
one was around
God had given them the Ten Commandments
but let me ask you this when I was
sitting around making this shit up why
do they pick 10 why 10
why not 9 or 11 I'll tell you why
because 10 sounds official
10 sounds important they knew 4 was 11
people wouldn't take it seriously so why
do you kid me the 11 commandments get
the fuck out of here
but 1010 sounds important
10 is the basis for the decimal system
it's a decade it's a psychologically
satisfying number the top 10 the 10 most
wanted the 10 best-dressed so having Ten
Commandments was really a marketing
decision to me it's clearly a bullshit
list it's a political document
artificially inflated to sell better I'm
gonna show you how you could reduce the
number of Commandments and come up with
a list that's a little more workable and
logical we're going to start with the
first three and I'll use the Roman
Catholic version because those are the
ones I was taught as a little boy I am
THE LORD thy God thou shalt not have
strange gods before me thou shalt not
take the name of the LORD thy God in
vain
thou shalt keep holy the Sabbath right
off the bat the first three pure
bullshit
Sabbath day Lord's name strange gods
spooky language spoken language designed
to scare and control primitive people in
no way the superstitious nonsense like
this apply to the lives of intelligent
civilized humans in the 21st century you
throw out the first three Commandments
right you're down to seven
next honor thy father and mother
obedience respect for authority just
another name for controlling people the
truth is obedience and respect should
not be automatic they should be earned
they should be based on the parents
performance
some some parents deserve respect most
of them don't period you're down to six
now in the interest of logic something
religion is very uncomfortable with
we're going to jump around the list a
little bit
thou shalt not steal thou shalt not bear
false witness stealing and lying well
actually these two both prohibit the
same kind of behavior dishonesty
stealing and lying so you don't need two
of them instead you combine them and you
call it thou shalt not be dishonest and
suddenly you're down to five and as long
as we're combining I have two others
that belong together
thou shalt not commit adultery thou
shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife once
again these two prohibit the same kind
of behavior in this case marital
infidelity
the difference is coveting takes place
in the mind and I don't think you should
outlaw fantasizing about someone else's
wife otherwise what's a guy going to
think about when he's waxing his carrot
but marital fidelity is a good idea so
we're gonna keep the idea and call this
one thou shalt not be unfaithful and
suddenly we're down to four but when you
think about it honesty and fidelity are
really part of the same overall value so
in truth you could combine the two
honesty Commandments with the two
fidelity Commandments and give them
simpler language positive language
instead of negative and call the whole
thing thou shalt always be honest and
faithful and we're down to three thou
shalt thou shalt they're going away
they're going away fast thou shalt not
covet thy neighbor's Goods this one is
just plain fucking stupid coveting your
neighbor's Goods is what keeps the
economy going all right your neighbor
gets a vibrator the plays o come all ye
faithful do you want to get one too
coveting creates jobs leave it alone
you're throught coveting you're down to
two now the big honesty infidelity
commandment and the one we haven't
talked about yet thou shalt not kill
murder the fifth commandment but when
you think about it what do you think
about it religion has never really had a
big problem with murder not really more
people have been killed in the name of
God than for any other reason
all you have to do is look at Northern
Ireland the Middle East Kashmir the
Inquisition the Crusades and the World
Trade Centre to see how seriously the
religious folks take thou shalt not kill
the more devout they are the more they
see murder as being a negotiable it's
negotiable you know it depends it
depends it depends on who's doing the
killing and who's getting killed so with
all of this in mind I leave you with my
revised list of the two Commandments
thou shalt always be honest and faithful
to the provider of thy nukkie and thou
shalt try real hard not to kill anyone
unless of course they pray to a
different invisible man from the one you
pray to to is all you need Moses
could've carried him down the hill in
his fuckin pocket and if they had a list
like that I wouldn't mind those folks in
Alabama putting it up on the courthouse
wall as long as they included one
additional commandment thou shall keep
thy religion to thyself